# chasing-arguments
MSc Project - Argument Mining on Social Media

Argumentation is a subject that studies processes involved in reasoning and the structure of reason itself. It is a field that encompasses and spans across multiple other fields, most notably language, philosophy, psychology, logic and has recently transcended into Artificial Intelligence (AI). This is because AI provides the ability to conjoin mental reasoning models and mathematical models for automated reasoning. The applications of argument models within computer science and AI are vast in possibilities. The ability to view and model such arguments provides important insight into how humans reason about different claims, how the claims are supported or disagreed with. Given an argument model applied to a discussion forum or a debate, this would provide an opportunity to understand more deeply and extract points of view that carry the most weight. Subsequently, it would be possible to analyse the flow of the discussion and see how the positions taken within the debate change over time as new arguments are introduced. On the other hand, same argument models can also allow us to investigate how a certain perception of something (review, feedback, etc.) can be altered. Also, this is a hot topic with regards to ethics within the AI system. The decisions that we delegate to AI to make, have to be verifiable, thus meaning the system has to be able to show the arguments that it worked with and how the consensus on the decision was made. All in all, industries that would benefit would be law, politics and political debates, reviews and marketing, social media platforms to name a few.
